Add procedure for adding people to the Python Triage team (#521)
python/devguide: triaging.rst

time towards the improvement of Python. As is the case with any member of
the Python Software Foundation, always follow the `PSF Code of Conduct`_.

Becoming a member of Python Triage team
---------------------------------------

Any Python core developers are welcome to invite a Python contributor to the
Python Triage team. Do note that the responsibilities of a Python Triage member

> is more elevated than a bug triager in bpo. For example, the Python Triage member

Reviewer: Another minor nits :) 

This page uses both "bpo" and "b.p.o". Pick one and be consistent.

http://devguide.python.org/tracker/ uses bpo. 

Whilst the target audience may already know what bpo is, consider defining it on first use and consider adding links to bugs.python.org. 

And this is documentation and not some comments in a discussion, so consider writing it out in full as bugs.python.org every time instead of the shorthand.

> is more elevated than a bug triager in bpo. For example, the Python Triage member

Reviewer 2: @hugovk I agree that we should use a consistent term for bpo on the page and that a link should be provided. But the usage of the abbreviation is fine, as there is a link for the first mention of the term in each section of the page. If someone is doesn't know what it stands for, they can simply hover over the text to see the url. There wouldn't be too much benefit in fully writing it out each time.

has access to more repositories than just CPython. Triages will be responsible
to handle not just issues, but also pull requests, and even commanding backports.

> Any existing triagers in b.p.o can transition to the Python Triage role.

Reviewer: Even simpler: 
```suggestion
Any existing triager in b.p.o can become a Python triager.
```

Reviewer 2: Personally, I think that we should refer a member of the role on on bpo as "developer". That is the official name of the role on there, and it also helps to avoid confusing it with the new Python triagers on GitHub.

> They can request this to any core developer, and the core developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can request this for any core developer, and the core developer
```

Author: "to" sounds right to me, no? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Agreed, I think "to" is okay in this context.

Reviewer: Ah yes, "to" is correct here, I got it mixed up. Thanks!

can pass the request to the Python organization admin on GitHub. The request

> can be made privately via DM in Zulip or Discourse, or publicly by opening

Reviewer: Minor thing either way, I think the original is fine. Compare: via email, via an email.

> can be made privately via DM in Zulip or Discourse, or publicly by opening

Reviewer 2: Reading over the sentence again, I think your correct. I'll remove this suggestion.

> an issue in core-workflow.

Reviewer: And add a link?

Any contributor who is not already a triager in b.p.o can also self-nominate

> to be a member of Python Triage team. They can request this to any core developer,

Reviewer 2: Missed this line in my earlier review.
```suggestion
to be a member of Python triage team. They can request this to any core developer,
```
